Who Am I 
My name is Belkis Clarke-Mitcham; I hail from the lovely Caribbean twin nation of St. Kitts and Nevis, grew up in St. Maarten, and met my husband in Trinidad. I graduated Valedictorian and Summa Cum laude with a Bachelor's in English and went on to get a Master's in Human Communication. 
This synopsis does not begin to detail the things I overcame to get to that kind of success and to see myself to the point of being the top student. 
Nevertheless, I worked as a journalist for over a decade. I taught at every level up to tertiary education, but after my tertiary education, I wanted to do something more meaningful with my life. 
So, I decided to pursue my passion as a speaker full-time. I became an international speaker, author, and mentor.
 
My Background 
I have been a Motivational Speaker for more than fifteen years. I speak to and teach women who have been through emotional trauma, sexual abuse, and domestic violence or are facing an 11th-hour experience how to turn the trauma into triumph and thrive beyond the 11th hour. Why? So they reconnect to who they are, find light beyond the darkness, and thrive, living meaningful lives.  
Most women I have worked with or spoken to have been ready to rescue themselves from their past, find their voice, and build a healthy, happy, safe, and emotionally stable life. 
I also trained corporate leaders on leveraging the impact of their 11th-hour issues to make them better leaders. I also trained leaders to be, generally, better communicators.  
It involved a lot of teaching/mentoring/guidance on how to disrupt the patterns, help them identify and clarify their ideas of what they truly wanted, and help them create a roadmap to bringing their dreams to life. 
What I loved about what I did was the enthusiastic delight with which the women started facing life, the strength they realized they had, and the hope they found in the process. 
Hope for a future they once thought they did not deserve. Seeing the transformation and hearing the many thanks is extremely rewarding. 
However, I didn't like how challenging it was to get regular speaking engagements to make it a sustainable way of living. 
Everyone wanted names that could draw a crowd, famous speakers. They seem to fail to realize that value comes from every walk of life and that someone has to give the new and upcoming speakers a chance to deliver their value so they can become headliners and famous speakers. 

An Addition to My Career Path  
I started considering an addition to my career path when I realized the number of women I met across industries who had or desired to have a small business to be more financially independent and didn't know how to reach ideal audiences, how those audiences behaved, and where they were. They did not understand data, how to collect it and what to do with it if they had it. 
I realized that what they needed was information. They needed relevant data and knowledge of how it is used. I saw for myself and others how this could be a great asset to small businesses, so I started researching. 
The more I read about Data Science, the more intrigued I was. I wanted to know how it worked and why. Then I came upon the courses, and Entity stood out. 
I decided that I could always do speaking to help women, but I could also serve in other ways while creating a sustainable income for myself. 
And so the journey began.   

What aspect of Data Science Intrigues me most?
Can I safely say all?! If I had to choose, I would say Data Analysis and Machine Learning. After we have all this information, it is intriguing to know what to do with it, how it can impact trends, what it says about behavior how it can be used for progress and advancement. 
That gets me super excited. 
My experience with Data Science
I want to say it is at zero; I have not dealt with Data Science in the way we are referring to it in this course. 
But in what I did, I dealt with a lot of raw data that helped individuals process and analyze to change their mindset, behavior, and life. 
So, I am super familiar with data, but this experience is at a different level that excites me.

It is one of life's most meaningful rewards that we can always learn and pour back into society. This journey offers this opportunity to me.
